README.md, before:

# Project Mongo API

This week's project is about building our own API, connecting the backend to a database to store and retrieve data from and use that data to produce a RESTful API.
This weeks project will be using Mongoose methods instead of plain JavaScript to deal with the filtering etc compared to last week's project (refer to https://github.com/Sheryll-Ann/project-express-api) as well as using Express.Router middleware that allows for grouping route handlers.

## The problem

There have been many hurdles (and is still quite unclear) in the understanding of

- MongoDB Compass (local version) and MongoDB Atlas (deployed version) of the database.
- how to create a pathway to connect either the deployed backend ( Render) or local backend (VScode) to either MongoDB Compass or MongoDB Atlas,
- when can the seeding/populating of database be necessary again once it is done (tempering of my database by outsiders?)
- and how Postman can access both databases through the local and deployed backend

## View it live

Every project should be deployed somewhere, but this week's links will only be communicated to concerned parties only for obvious security reasons.
Feel free to contact me if more information is needed.

Commit message:

updated readme with my understanding

README.md, after:

# Project Mongo API

This week's project is about building our own API, connecting the backend to a database to store and retrieve data from and use that data to produce a RESTful API.
This weeks project will be using Mongoose methods instead of plain JavaScript to deal with the filtering etc compared to last week's project (refer to https://github.com/Sheryll-Ann/project-express-api) as well as using Express.Router middleware that allows for grouping route handlers.

## The problem

There have been many hurdles (and is still quite unclear) in the understanding of

- MongoDB Compass (local version) and MongoDB Atlas (cloud version) of the database.
- how to create a pathway to connect either the cloud backend (Render) or local backend (VScode) to either MongoDB Compass or MongoDB Atlas,
- when can the seeding/populating of database be necessary again once it is done (tempering of my database by outsiders?)
- and how Postman can access both databases through the local and deployed backend whom are themselves connected to either MongoDB Compass(local) or MongoDB Atlas (cloud), and thus making them being updated differently.

## View it live

Every project should be deployed somewhere, but this week's links will only be communicated to concerned parties only, for obvious security reasons.
Feel free to contact me if more information is needed.
